- throw plates, objects.- jump off of high places.- sensory seeking behavior.- polyphagia (at risk for elevated BMI).- sleep difficulties.At 3 years:.-states !baba,! sometimes !mama!.- hearing check done and suggests normal hearing.- speech therapy at school.- sometimes indicates with hand what he wants, but not with one finger.- Impetigo, treated with oral antibiotics.- C difficile.- Intermittent fevers.- History not c/w cyclic fevers, no symptoms associated with periodic fever syndromes; also no h/o recurrent or severe infections c/w immunodeficiency...Brain MRI: Diffuse volume loss as described, increased in comparison with prior MR, likely represents decreased gray matter and white matter volumes, with involvement of the caudates as well. Findings can be seen with Juvenile Huntington's, especially given family history, or possibly neuronal ceroid lipofuschinosis..has limited fine motor skills: she is unable to hold a pen or a pencil independently and lack control. She can only walk on even surfaces and for no more than 1-2 blocks. Patient’s parents report that her behavior has improved and she is less hyperactive but she is hard to distract when something interest her. She has swallowing and chewing difficulties and is fed PO with pureed food. She wears diapers throughout the day but is trained to use the toilet in the morning. .Patient attends a special care class daily. She is in a class with about 7 other children with different degree of disability and receives ST every two weeks, PT once per week but no longer qualifies for OT or a one-to-one aid. .Valproic acid level, LFTs and CBC look good. Patient's total cholesterol is good, but her HDL (the good cholesterol) is low and her triglyceride is high. This may be related to risperidone, but also quite possibly is genetic. Unfortunately no baseline level before risperidone..Can ambulate independently but clumsy. .Valproic acid level, LFTs and CBC look good. Patient's total cholesterol is good, but her HDL (the good cholesterol) is low and her triglyceride is high. This may be related to risperidone, but also quite possibly is genetic. Unfortunately no baseline level before risperidone.. .Seizure disorder since the age of 8 years. Developmental delay and ADHD. Has shaking in the hands, noticed when she is eating. No special time of the day. Not sure if she does it while asleep. She has been on Depakote for her seizures, and Folcalin and Clonidine for ADHD. Special aid for all classes. She receives speech therapy and OT. She was found to have mild mental retardation..Metabolic panel of testing performed - not interpreted. .Brain MRI: 1.  No MR evidence of etiology of seizures. 2.  Few nonspecific small white matter hyperintensities which could reflect remote white matter insult, roughly within expected number for age.Pt was reported to have normal development until age 6 when poor eye contact and behavioral concerns were noted. Her teachers noted learning difficulties as well. She has always been in special education. Seizure-like episodes were also noted around this age and she has since been diagnosed with epilepsy. To control her seizures the family tried a ketogenic diet. Her mother felt it improved her speech but not the seizures and was not able to be continued due to the difficulty. Her seizures often appear as eye fluttering..Brought to medical attention due to her brother’s significant history of liver disease including portopulmonary and hepatopulmonary syndrome and treatment necessitating liver transplant. Mother reports patient was generally well in infancy though noted her being fussy/irritable around 4-5 months. Due to brother’s significant history of liver disease, liver function tests were checked periodically in the patient and demonstrated elevated transaminases prompting further work up around 10 months of age. Liver U/S at that time reported “heterogeneous echotexture of the liver, presumably related to patient's known hepatitis!. She has an extensive work up by multiple specialists (see below) and an underlying etiology for her symptoms and her brother’s (recently deceased) have not been determined...At 21 months she can crawl and pull to stand. She is not walking at this time. She understands basic commands. She is saying !mama!. . .Liver:“She has a complicated medical history that is significant for portal hypertension and hepatopulmonary syndrome. Her liver biopsy reveals lack of portal veins in sampled portal tracts and fibrosis. Despite an extensive work up, including genetic testing, we do not have a specific etiology for her liver fibrosis, abernathy picture and related cardiopulmomary sequelae.” .Cardiac: Was originally monitored as brother had history of hepatopulmonary syndrome and severe pulmonary hypertension. Patient admitted due to concern for increased pulmonary hypertension on echo now with dx of pulmonary hypertension and RV dysfunction (report improving with steroids). .Immunology: Has been managed for her pulmonary hypertension with a combination of steroids and tacrolimus. Currently her steroids are on a taper and the goal is for her to be solely on a tacrolimus regimen of immunosuppression”. Some T-cell abnormalities, not currently explained. Would like to review WES results. .Neuro: Patient was hospitalized. Initially admitted for fever, vomiting, URI symptoms and encephalopathy with the working diagnosis of HHV6 encephalitis vs. autoimmune/rheumatologic encephalitis. Neurology consulted for decreased movement in left arm. MRI brain 1/9/17 reportedly showed patchy and confluent white matter T2 signal abnormalities involving bilateral frontal, parietal and temporal white matter, splenium of the corpus callosum and brainstem, with diffusion restriction, nodular enhancement and hemosiderin deposition. Per Neurology, imaging was thought consistent with an acute hemorrhagic encephalitis superimposed on an underlying leukoencephalopathy. .Pulmonology: “From a pulmonary standpoint, she appears to have normal lung imaging (CXR and MRA), a normal pulmonary exam, and normal overnight oximetry - arguing against significant interstitial lung disease.” Will follow. .Hematology: Referred for thrombocytopenia. Per notes – not too clinically concerned about mild level of thrombocytopenia, would like to know etiology and if relates to other symptoms. Recommended testing for Bernard Soulier and MYH9. .Infectious disease: Saw ID specialists to evaluate for liver transplant. .MRI MRA ABDOMEN W CONTRAST 1/18/2017 IMPRESSION: 1.  Cirrhotic liver morphology with stigmata of portal hypertension, including paraesophageal varices and splenomegaly. Patent hepatic arterial and venous vasculature. 2.  Bibasilar atelectasis with additional peripheral nodules, likely infectious or inflammatory in etiology when correlated with same day CT angiography of thorax. . .MRI BRAIN AND SPINE WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST 1/13/2017 IMPRESSION: 1.  Compared to MRI 1/9/2017, slightly increased extent of subcortical white matter lesions in the bilateral cerebrum and at the corpus callosum splenium.  Differential diagnostic considerations remain the same and include hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, vasculitis, leukodystrophy, or other metabolic or inflammatory processes. 2.  No spinal cord lesions visualized.. Patient has a speech issue that continues at age 3 years and a history of inguinal hernia and strabismus that required surgical repair...Normal brain MRI for age 2. Normal signal and position of conus medullaris...Patient has developmental delay and dysmorphic, coarse facial features. Full lips, bulbous nose, and a low hairline. She walked about 21 months and mostly cruised until age 3 years. She also spoke late; first words were around 2 years and more words around age 3 years. She can read but has difficulty with comprehension. She does not understand time. Her mother describes very immature behavior, but does not note regression. Mother is worried about auditory hallucinations. Patient is frequently asking if her mother is talking to her when she is not. Her hallucinations and imaginings are never negative or upsetting, and are often entertaining to her. 