- Hydrocephalus, with pronounced dilatation of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles bilaterally.- VP shunt.At 1 year, 10 months Her audiogram demonstrated normal hearing by sound fields at 500-1000 Hz decreasing to moderate hearing by sound fields at 1500 Hz and severe hearing loss by sound fields at 4000 Hz. DPOAE's and sound field thresholds obtained from this visit were concerning for possible high-frequency hearing loss. Repeat audiogram was recommended.. .Her most recent audiogram was performed (at 1 year, 11 months demonstrating moderate hearing loss by sound fields. Tympanometry revealed a flat, type B, tracing bilaterally.. .Syndactyly of the right hand: minor fusion of digits 3-4 and 5th finger clinodactyly, and left hand: fusion of digits 3-4, and syndactyly of right toes: fusion of digits 1-4, and left toe syndactyly: fusion of digist 1-3. .!Patient is a 23 m.o. female with cranyiosynostosis presents for team recall to include speech and language evaluation.  At this time, patient presents with delays in receptive and expressive language; exp delay appears greater than receptive language delay. She is non-verbal.! .- Reported to have 3 words, baba/mama/dada. . .Partial fusion of the sagittal and coronal sutures at the vertex, with extensive associated calvarial deformity and proptosis..Born with craniosynostosis and cloverleaf skull, proptosis, and syndactyly of both hands and toes digits. She is with global developmental delays and is receiving OT twice a month, PT and speech therapy weekly.Patient was enrolled in CIAPM whole genome research study after a normal SNP microarray and an overall negative craniosynostosis panel...-Brain MR (1 year, 11months).Unchanged positioning of right transoccipital VP shunt catheter with tip in the body of the left lateral ventricle. Unchanged left occipital porencephalic cyst at site of prior shunt catheter. Right lateral ventricle is minimally increased in size from 9/18/2017 but remains decompressed. Stable size of the right lateral ventricle. Similar gross cerebral configuration and sequela of craniosynostosis. Cerebellar tonsillar ectopia with cerebellar tonsils extending to at least the C2 level, poorly evaluated on this rapid MRI brain.. .IMPRESSION: .Shunted hydrocephalus, similar in appearance to previous...-MAXILLOFACIAL CT: (11 days).IMPRESSION:  .1. Partial fusion of the sagittal and coronal sutures at the vertex, with extensive associated calvarial deformity and proptosis.  .2. Hydrocephalus, with pronounced dilatation of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles bilaterally.. .-XR BONE SURVEY, COMPLETE (1 day).IMPRESSION:  .Microcephaly with clover leaf shaped skull most compatible with craniosynostosis..Bilateral foot syndactyly with irregularity of the bilateral first proximal phalanx and distal tufts.. .-US ABDOMEN COMPLETE (RADIOLOGY PERFORMED) (1 day) .IMPRESSION:  .1. Trace left renal pelviectasis..2. Morphologically normal appearance of the solid organs of the abdomen.