Episodes include: fever, vomiting, lethargy/encephalopathy, +/- seizures..Temporary ataxia/weakness during his !episodes.!.His mother feels that he is normal between episodes and keeps up with other children. Per evaluations he is about a year behind in terms of speech This was documented when patient was 5 years old. .Per Geneticist (age 4 years): Ongoing concern for mild expressive language delay. He currently does speak in sentences..Seen at 4 years, not at 6 years..HLH: hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis.Per BMT provider (age 6 years): After a thorough review of his medical history, our team has decided that patient has familial HLH even though no known pathogenic mutation was identified, and that he is a candidate for HSCT. This is based on his low NK cell function noted on two different testing time points, first when he was acutely ill and the second when he wasn't. Low CD107a was consistently low. In addition, his younger sibling passed away at 14 months of age without a known etiology. She had history of seizures and it is likely that she had HLH as well. While parents seemed to understand, they were not completely convinced that patient has the same condition that his sister had. As per his dad, he sees patient as having something very different than his deceased sister...Neurology (at age 6 years, 6 months)Relapsing/remitting course since 10 mo of age, characterized by fever, vomiting, lethargy/encephalopathy, +/- seizures with brain MRI showing predominantly leukoencephalopathy with labs concerning for HLH...Renal ultrasound at age 6 years: 1.  Liver and spleen measuring within range for age. 2.  Nonspecific heterogeneous appearance of the hepatic parenchyma which may reflect diffuse liver disease...Renal ultrasound at age 4 years, 6 months: 1. Hepatosplenomegaly with nonspecific diffuse liver disease. 2. Gallbladder sludge, compatible with NPO state. 3. Possible edema or inflammation of right kidney, versus technical artifact.  Recommend correlation with serum creatinine.