!Borderline!.At the time of evaluation at 4 years..!Pyroglutamic aciduria! .Summarized when patient was 6 years old.- She started speaking at 3 yo, and receives ST. She still struggles with speech, and has few words in her vocabulary (definitely less than 100). Her mother believes that the ST is helping. In terms of other development, patient sat unsupported at >1 yo, and started walking around 2 yo (had difficulty in the setting of the leg asymmetry). {Patient enjoys playing with other kids, and she is an affectionate child. Her teachers have reported in the past that she doesn't often respond to questions or directions. Her hearing was evaluated in 2014, and was reportedly normal. Mother thinks this has improved, and Patient now responds appropriately. She has not exhibited any evidence of regression..!Pyroglutamic aciduria! .- Eval when patient was 4 years old: Patient had persistent pyroglutamic acid on urine organic acids with negative glutathione synthetase sequencing. At her last visit, there was discussion surrounding the possibility of evaluating glutathione at a functional level through skin biopsy. She has been on Vitamin C as an antioxidant, but no longer takes vitamin E as it is not available to get at the pharmacy.Patient has GH deficiency and hypothyroidism. She has been treated in the past for hyperinsulinism with Diazoxide, but is no longer on that medication. She does continue to take GH injections and Levothyroxine though. Mother reports that her growth is progressing well overall, and she has regular follow up.Patient’s medical history additionally includes hepatomegaly and elevated LFTs noted ~1.5 years, with transaminases in the 60s. A genetic work up was recommended at that time to include MPS testing as well as further lysosomal screening and skeletal survey. ..- Gastrostomy tube for 6 months, removed at 2 years. ..- Hip surgery at approx 3 eyars, with placement (and later removal) of plate in right leg to correct asymmetry..(1 year, 10 months) Skeletal survey:.1. AP shortening of the L1 vertebral body, and inferior beaking of the L1 and L2 vertebral bodies is nonspecific, however differential considerations include, but are not limited to, metabolic storage disorders..2. There is dysplasia of the right femoroacetabular joint with superior dislocation of the right hip.. .- (1 year, 6 months) Abd US:.1. Mild hepatomegaly. .2. Prominent intrahepatic bile ducts and common bile duct. .Correlation with LFTs recommended. If there is concern for obstruction, MRCP can be helpful.. .- (2 months) Brain MRI:.1. Complete interval resolution of the previously seen soft tissue/thickening adjacent to the pituitary stalk, presumably due to prior hemorrhage or inflammation..2. Small anterior pituitary and mild delay in myelination for the patient's age, both of which correlate with the history of central hypothyroidism.. .- (1 month) TTE:.1. Normal left ventricular systolic function..2. Tiny left patent ductus arteriosus..3. < 50% systemic right ventricular pressure..4. There is tiny patent foramen ovale.