!small appearing head! at 20 months- 12th centile..Obtained at 20 months:.- Brain MRI, EEG normal.- Maintained on phenobarbital - helping (per mother, PB was tapered after normal EEG but convulsions worsened so dose was increased back).- Seizures 1x/wk.- Describes seizures as: 'convulsions' sometimes right side only, starts with head shaking then falls, jerks, with eyes open, turns red or purple sometimes, looses bowels, then relaxes, has sweaty hair, afterwards has tremors; describes another type as stiffness/shaking in full flexion, as per neuro note !Mother's history again was vague, disorganized,and difficult to follow. She has multiple concerns.!.- Mother reports right side is weaker than left.- Reports right hand used to be clenched, as well as bilateral feet which occasionally still occurs (transiently hand flexes/slightly supinates, feet invert, !contort inward!).- 'Loses strength' while walking, intermittent difficulty balancing.- Mother concerned patient is having seizures in her sleep because she sometimes is unable to walk or talk when she wakes up, seems 'out of it' for a few hours, this (seizures in sleep) was also suggested by the speech therapist..- Mother reports patient is 'unable to keep up' because of the 'weakness' .- Reports partially paralyzed right vocal cord.Per mother when patient was 8 months. ..In report from when patient was 8 months: facial !spasms! of unknown etiology that have occurred twice since discharge. The spasms occur primarily in the cheeks, can last 5-10 min and are associated with intermittent arm abduction/extension..Noted in report at age 20 months History of obstructed supracardiac TAPVR s/p repair 1/17/17, seizure disorder, developmental delay, dysphagia, gastroesophageal reflux, and gastrostomy tube dependence, found to have a likely clinically significant 3.6 Mb 2q32.1 deletion, 0.8 Mb 2p16.1 duplication of uncertain clinical significance. However, neither of these copy number variants explain her TAPVR. ..Assessed at 20 months: .- Followed by Regional center for delay.- Receives play therapy weekly, mother has noticed improvement ('more friendly').- Also receives ST, feeding therapy.- Pincer grasp right hand 9 months (later than L hand).- Walked at 16 months but falls a lot, 'loses strength' while walking 1-2x/day (unable to stand when placed back on feet).- First word at 10-11mo  .- Two word phrases at 20mo..Audiogram (1 year): normal. .Brain MRI (1 year): Normal (No signal or structural abnormality is identified in the brain.  Myelination pattern appears appropriate for age.  The ventricles and basal cisterns are normal in size and configuration.  There is no midline shift or mass effect. The craniocervical junction, pituitary gland, orbits, scalp, calvarium, salivary glands, nasopharynx, visualized cervical spine and aerodigestive tract are normal.  The paranasal sinuses are well aerated.  Anticipated signal void in the internal carotid arteries and superior sagittal sinus.). .EEG (1 year): normal. .Electrocardiogram (1 month): Sinus rhythm at 161 per minute: Axes, intervals and voltages are normal for age. ..Echocardiogram (1 year): No significant pulmonary venous obstruction by Doppler, the mean gradient is 2 mmHg..Flow acceleration noted at level of the anastamosis to LA.Normal tricuspid valve with very mild insufficiency..The Doppler calculated right ventricular pressure is at least 28mmHg (24mmHg on prior) greater than the right atrial !v! wave pressure..Qualitatively normal biventricular size and function (FS 37%)..No pericardial or pleural effusions seen..No significant changes since the prior echocardiogram..Technically difficult study due to poor patient cooperation..Abdominal scan (1 month): Normal abdominal ultrasound...NG tube in place at 8 month assessment. 