Behavioral/Sensory processing issues (in report at age 5 years .- Mother concerned about patient's difficulty focusing.- Concerned about hearing, likes to listen at a high volume (i.e. the radio).- Audiogram normal.- Noted to have ?hyperacusis by ENT, mother reports patient sometimes puts her hands over her ears, loud noises bother her..- Per mother, teacher states it is too early to tell if patient is having any issues, she does need to catch up on some skills, reports she is articulate and friendly which is helpful..Noted at age 5 years Anxiety and ?behavioral disorder (mother thinks this may have be due to recent trauma), she is seeing a therapist..From Neurology report age 5 years: Chronic migraine without aura without status migrainosus, not intractable ..Later genetic report: headaches have improved.Mild eustahcian tube dysfunction associated with tinnitus, throat clearing, rhinorrhea. Normal audiogram. +hyperacusis, behavioral/attention/speech concerns, to be evaluated by OT for sensory processing disorder..!Epigastric hernia.!.Development.- First word 6mo(?).- Two words together <12mo(?).- Respond to name 3-4mo.- Walked at 16 months.- Mother denies that any speech delay, states she has always talked early/well, no concerns. .- She was in Head Start mother reports patient had trouble with ABCs. Not receiving any therapies currently.  .- Mother reports she believes patient was evaluated at 1-2 years of age, reports she had a 3 month delay ('motor cognitive') but mother was not able to follow up due to issues with sister (of note, per EMR sister was evaluated to have a 3 month delay).. - Mother reports {at 5 years that patient gets lost 'a lot,' has problems with focus, gets bored easily. She is hyperactive but does not think she needs medication. MGM and mother report homework is a challenge. ..Electrocardiogram (age 5 years): Normal sinus rhythm at a rate of 77 bpm. Otherwise voltages and intervals are appropriate for age. . .Echocardiogram (age 5 years): Left and right lower pulmonary venous return visualized. LUPV anastomosis to left atrial appendage possibly seen but not well visualized..By Doppler, there is minimal acceleration at the anastomosis of her pulmonary veins back to the left atrium? mean gradient 3 mmHg..Normal tricuspid valve with trace insufficiency? the Doppler calculated right ventricular pressure is at least 20mmHg greater than the right atrial !v! wave pressure..Normal biventricular size and systolic function (FS 36%).