Was delayed as a child. Has been evaluated and has !extremely low intellectual abilities.! Can answer Y/N and short answer questions ok, but is unable to provide additional history.. .Absence/narrowing  of b/l MCA’s and SCA’s leading to multiple strokes in childhood  and adulthood.Polyarthritis.Acquired MV and AV stenosis requiring valve replacements..-Moyamoya c/b CVA and seizures.-With chronic headaches.-R frontal stroke @ 3yo, dx'd @ 5yo, s/p bypass, c/b R frontal, L occipital, and L cerebellar encephalomalacia...Diffuse narrowing of infra-renal aorta and iliac, femoral, and subclavian arteries.Pt died shortly after enrollment at the age of 22 years. ..Abdominal ultrasound (age 22):1. Moderate volume ascites with small dense layering fluid in the pelvis, potentially indicating blood or debris. 2. Hepatosplenomegaly...Summary of pt at the age of 21 years: Patient} is a with a multiorgan autoimmune condition recently found to have a STAT3 mutation (Stat3 c.2144C>T (p.P715L)), also with moya moya c/b CVA, pulmonary fibrosis, mitral and aortic valve disease s/p valve replacements, membranous GN and CKD, polyarthritis, uveitis, and large vessel vasculoapthy/vascultis who was transferred for cardiogenic shock in the setting of progressive aortic stenosis. At this point,patient is s/p TAVR on 7/12 c/b cardiac tamponade 2/2 mediastinal hematoma s/p evacuation on 7/16. His hemodynamics are improving, although he remains on milrinone. The Molecular Medicine service is consulted to help determine the etiology of his underlying disease process...Here are his major major medical problems, summarized by system, per available records:. .Neuro.# Moya-moya: R frontal stroke @ 3yo, dx'd @ 5yo, s/p bypass, c/b R frontal, L occipital, and L cerebellar encephalomalacia.# Intracranial mass c/f cerebritis vs. stroke: Rheum note (age 21 years) notes recent L cerebellar mass initially c/f tumor but subsequently reviewed by a !national expert in brain imaging! and thought to be more c/w inflammation. Per notes, improved with decadron + azathioprine. Per radiology may just be c/w prior stroke. .# Seizure d/o: Presumably from Moya-Moya. .# Cognitive impairment: Was delayed as a child. Has been evaluated and has !extremely low intellectual abilities.! Can answer Y/N and short answer questions ok, but is unable to provide additional history.. .CV.# Dysplastic MV and AV leading to MR s/p MVR 1/2011 and AS s/p TAVR 7/2017: Notes state that the pt's valvular dz is congenital; however, the OSH records state that the pt's TTE's prior to 2004 were normal, and his valvular dz is thought to 2/2 an autoimmune process. .# Pulmonary HTN: PA pressures 70/50's on OSH cath, augmented to 110/70's with dobutamine. Difficult to interpret in light of active shock at the time and chronic lung dz..# Diffuse narrowing of the femoral arteries and infra-renal aorta. .Pulm.# Chronic lung dz with apical fibrosis and basilar emphysema c/b severe restrictive physiology (FEV1 ~30%, FVC ~30%, corrected DLCO ~40% predicted): Had a lung bx ~age 7 or 8 c/w LIP (see bx results below). . .GI.# No known active issues but OSH CT chest suggested likely hepatosplenomegaly. .Renal/GU.# CKD: eGFR in the 20's. Had a renal biopsy age 8 years c/w membranous nephropathy (see bx results below).# Phimosis. .Heme.# Pancytopenia: Records inconsistent, but he has been given labels including autoimmune neutropenia, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, and ITP. Had 2x BM biopsy ~age 2 or 3 years, another {age 6 or 7 years.. .ID.# Stat3 heterozygous mutation ((Stat3 c.2144C>T (p.P715L)), confirmed by whole exome sequencing..# Recurrent lung infections: I think this is since infancy - one note mentions extended hospitalization for aspiration shortly after birth, and more recent notes suggest the pt has been hospitalized multiple times each year for PNA..# IgA deficiency: Some of the notes mention this, though levels nl here..# Sclerosis vs hypoplasia of paranasal sinuses and mastoids c/f recurrent sinus infxn. .Rheum.# H/o anterior uveitis, polyarthritis: H/o juvenile RA. None on exam here, though after weeks and weeks of steroids. Rheum serologies sent here negative.. .Endo.# Small pituitary, h/o growth hormone deficiency previously on replacement, adrenal insufficiency (thought iatrogenic)..Bone Marrow biopsy {approx age 3 (x2): .Reports unavailable. .Bone Marrow biopsy approximate age 7 years:.Absolute neutropenia and moderate thrombocytopenia. Reactive cellular marrow with megakaryocytic hyperplasia, mild left shifted myeloid maturation, lymphocytosis and eosinophila. .Renal biopsy {approx age 8 years:.Membranous nephropathy, stage 2. Also focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in 4 of 19 glomeruli. Tubular erythrocyte cases, focal. None demonstrate neutrophilic infiltration, necrosis, or large electron dense humps. By immunoflorescence microscopy, C3 is identified along capillary walls; however immunoglobulins are not present. Absence of IgG in membranous nephropathy is very unusual and probably relates to the patient's underlying autoimmune lymphoproliferative disease treated with steroids. The tubules, interstitum, and vessels are relatively normal. . .Lung biopsy approximate age 8 years:.1. Lung, right upper lobe: Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia. The sections show an interstitial lymphocytic infiltrate associated with reactive germinal centers and interstitial fibrosis. We performed immunohistochemical studies with the following panel: CD20, CD3, CD4, CD8, CD5, CD45RO, kappa, lamda, and HHV8. In situ hybridization for Epstein Barr virus using EBER probe was negative. We do not see features of autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome. .2. Lymph node, mediastinal: Follicular hyperplasia and sinus histiocytosis. .Whole Exome Sequencing:.STATt3 c.2144C>T (p.P715L), heterozygous, missense, autosomal dominant, typically pathologic mutation.No large deletions or known pathologic mutations related to the patient's clinical phenotype were detected in the mitochondrial genome. .Patient} is a 21M with a multiorgan autoimmune condition recently found to have a STAT3 mutation (Stat3 c.2144C>T (p.P715L)), also with moya moya c/b CVA, pulmonary fibrosis, mitral and aortic valve disease s/p valve replacements, membranous GN and CKD, polyarthritis, uveitis, and large vessel vasculoapthy/vascultis who was transferred for cardiogenic shock in the setting of progressive aortic stenosis.. .Based on available data and the whole exome sequencing results, the unifying diagnosis that best explains patient's symptoms is a STAT3 GOF mutation. STAT3 is an immune cell transcription factor. Ligands such as interferons, epidermal growth factor, IL5, and IL6 active a JAK kinase, which phosphylates STAT3 so that it can enter the nucleus and activates transcription of genes involved in cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. There are described clinical syndromes with both STAT3 dominant loss of function and gain of function mutations. STAT3 autosomal dominant LOF mutations are the prototypical cause of hyper-IgE syndrome (aka Job Syndrome, which is characterized by immunodeficiency -- cold abscesses 2/2 Staph, destructive lung infections leading pneumatocoeles, eczema, and high IgE levels. STAT3 autosomal dominant GOF mutations cause an autoimmune disorder classically associated with autoimmune hemolytic anemia, hypothyroidism, ILD, hepatosplenomegaly (Flanagan 2014; Milner 2015). The specific mutation identified in the patient, c.2144C>T (p.P715L) is in an evolutionarily conserved region of the gene. This mutation was recently described as a pathologic mutation in the literature. In 2017, Sediva et. al. describe a boy with multiple autoimmune diseases, including DM1, autoimmune thyroid disease, immune thrombocytopenia, heptosplenomegaly, generalized lymphadenopathy, recurrent respiratory infections, and short stature who is found to have a STAT3 c.2144C>T mutation.. .One thing about this case that is notable is that most patients with STAT3 GOF mutations do not have as many vascular/cardiac/renal complications at this patient. However, in discussions with experts we learned that there are other examples of patients with vascular involvement, although none remember any cases with extreme vascular/cardiac complications such as this one. Of note, a recent study suggested that STAT3 deletions can cause SOX9-dependent phenotypes (Hall 2017) so it is possible that the vascular/cardiac abnormalities seen in this case are related to downstream effects of STAT3 regulation.. .As mentioned above, the pt's cardiovascular dz -- including stenosis of the MCA's and superior cerebellar arteries resulting in multiple strokes in childhood and adulthood; diffuse narrowing of the infrarenal aorta, femoral arteries, and subclavian arteries; acquired MV and AV stenosis; and pulmonary artery hypertension -- are unique among pts with STAT3 gain of function disease. The etiology of these manifestations are unclear -- the pt could have an autoimmune vasculitis or a primary vasculopathy. Experts felt that his presentation could be c/w Takayasu arteritis, although there are some features that would be highly unusual -- including circle of Willis involvement w/o carotid involvement, MV involvement, homogeneity of narrowing, and absence of tortuosity/dilatation. It's possible that STAT3 gain of function could have an effect on the vasculature independent of the immune system, as it is also a central transcription factor in vascular remodeling, and STAT3 loss of function does in fact cause a vascular phenotype characterized by aneurysm formation. It is also possible that the pt has another condition independent of his STAT3 mutation. To investigate these different possibilities, we may consider functional studies of the STAT3 gain of function mutation in vascular endothelial and smooth muscle cells as well as re-analysis of the pt's exome and sequencing of his parents' DNA..