!With posteriorly sloping forehead.!.Bialteral.Noted at age 17 years..!Epilepsy and Catamenial epilepsy.!.- Seizures, treated with Lamictal. .- She is on IM Depo-Provera controls catamenial seizures.!Contractures in all four extremities (legs >arms), hands outwardly rotated, smalll in comparison to remainder of body.!.Presumed parotitis: At approximately 17 years, she had a left sided cheek swelling. Mom says it was very red/swollen and tender to palpation. She took patient to the dentist and they looked at her teeth + did xrays but determined it was !not a dental issue! and referred them to her pediatrician. She saw multiple doctors who seemed quite perplexed by what it could be. They gave her antibiotics that seemed to help the infection, but never explained to mom what they thought it was..Noted at age 17 years following cheek infection !Ever since around the time of the infection,patient has had decreased energy. Whereas previously patient would spend her day engaged with her surroundings, enjoying watching TV or interacting with people around her, now she seems more withdrawn, with a blank expression on her face more of the time. Mom also thinks she is sleepier during the day. This has not been a progressive process, rather seems to be about the same for the past month. No other clear triggers around the time of onset other than the cheek infection. There has been no correlate elevation or instability in he leucine levels.!.!Sits in hunched posture.!.!Poor dentition with malodorous breath, no obvious abscesses.!.Female with MSUD. She has other features that are not explained by MSUD alone, including dependence upon GT feeds for 100% of her nutritional intake for which she follows the pediatric GI team here, microcephaly, severe global developmental delay, ankle deformity for which she uses orthotics, and is planning to have a corrective surgery soon, bilateral sensorineural hearing loss, bilateral congenital cataracts s/p extraction, and catamenial epilepsy which is controlled on Lamictal. .Gastrostomy tube dependent for all nutrition (noted at age 17 years)....