Noted at age 7: thought to be related to her severe constipation.Noted at age 6 years: She wears glasses for seeing far away..Noted in report at age 10 years: Right eye weaker than left..Noted at age 6 years.Noted at age 10 years}:   She also has nose bleeds, and required cauterization.  Has been seen by Heme and has elevated PTT, at one point it was critically high and almost needed hospitalization.  However, heme consult thought it was due to Heparin flushes for her port. .{Noted by geneticist age age 5 years Been having seizures, which initially presented as absence seizures and then have evolved to a grand mal seizures pattern. She has also been previously referred to neurology for an evaluation for possible abdominal migraine. .Beighton score 5 (passive dorsiflexion of b/l thumb to forearm, hyperextension of elbow b/l, forward flexion of trunk).!Worsening! noted at age 7 years. Extensive work up done by GI had all been negative and she was noted to have continued abdominal pains and constipation. She gets Miralax for it..!Recurrent.!.Forearm fracture.Ankle sprain .{Noted at age 6 years.Noted by a geneticist at age 5 years: She has been sick for some lengthy periods during this past school year and missed many school days that the school has been seriously concerned with.  Her brother on the other hand has had full attendance. She was sick the whole of May this year, with aspiration pneumonia. This is her third aspiration pneumonia..Noted in report at age 6 years. .Noted at age 6 years X-ray post a fall wherein an incidental bone cyst was noted..Tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy at age 5 years...{Noted at age 5 years: Wears glasses. She has been told that the right eye had not developed properly.. .Noted ate age 6 years: She has been found to be a heterozygous carrier for A985G change in the MCAD gene. A second causative mutation was not identified in her.  She also had normal functional MCAD enzyme assay.  Acylcarnitine levels that have been repeated for patient have had minimal elevations of hexanoylcarnitine and acylglycines have had mild to moderate elevations of hexanoylglycine.  She has had episodes where her glucose levels have dipped to the 60's when she has been unwell.  She is reported to have symptoms of low blood glucose such as sweating, shaking, flushing, fatigue and anxious/cranky behavior...Renal ultrasound 6 years:1. No hydronephrosis. No morphologic abnormalities. 2.Slightly thickwalled bladder. 19 mL of calculated postvoid.residual...Noted at age 10 years:.Born at 33-34 weeks from preterm labor. .Rolling over at 6 months.Sitting at one year.Walking at 18 months.Started talking at 2.5 years old. .Mom reports school !not going well!.  Has struggles with tests and comprehension.  Has been formally tested, testing showed she does comprehend.  Was diagnosed with OCD tendencies. ..Evaluated at age 10 for EDS:On exam, she has few hypertrophic scars and a Beighton score of 5, making a diagnosis of EDS type III  (also known as benign joint hypermobility syndrome) possible given her  family history and the hypermobility in her joints.  Also noted are the frequent bone fractures in her and her family members - osteogensis imperfecta (OI) has been mentioned to the family, but previous evaluations have not thought this is likely by report - if she has further fractures or frequent unexplained fractures, this would warrant further investigations.  We reviewed that the diagnosis of EDS hypermobility is based on clinical findings and family history as opposed to genetic testing, which is positive in around 50%.  Given aortic root dilation has been associated with EDS, although very rarely (estimated 1%) with type III, would recommend echocardiogram to screen for cardiac manifestations.  ..Noted at age 11 years: Continues to grow and develop typically.  Attends 6th grade, despite many missed school days report card is all A’s and B’s.  Some expressed difficulty in learning advanced math concept (multiplying and dividing fractions), takes longer to understand.