!Delayed wound healing.!.!Absent reflexes.!.Early teen years he had difficulty with endurance exercise when he would “lose control” of his legs after about 10 minutes running and would collapse. This became more significant in his 20s when he had to stop playing tennis due to falls but it was not until his late 30s that this had a more significant impact on his quality of life. His symptoms became more prominent in the fall of 2008 with progressive left sided weakness and an EMG revealed a mild myopathy consistent with facioscapulohumeral dystrophy (FSHD). Genetic testing was non diagnostic and his clinical picture progressed and became less consistent with FSHD. In particular, he started manifesting polyneuropathy with apparently abnormal autonomic dysfunction and a 2012 EMG showed myotonic discharges; however his clinical presentation were not consistent with myotonic dystrophy and DM1 and DM2 sequencing were both negative..Diagnosed ~47 years. .!Cyclic vomiting.! Onset age 2-3 years, resolved prior to early teens. .On nocturnal BiPAP..Diagnosed at the age of 47 years. .Transient peripheral vision loss between ages 40-50 years. .!Stevens-Johnson syndrome with severe mucositis recently.!.- high resolution karyotype with normal 46, XY results.- array CGH : Normal male without any detected clinically significant copy change in the loci tested.  A 2q24.1 Copy Loss likely to be non-pathogenic, though no available data shows it to be polymorphic..- acid alpha glucosidase (GAA) activity: 11.3 pmol/punch/hour is in normal range..- Non diagnostic FSHD testing.- Mitochondrial genome sequencing: normal in blood.- KCNA1 sequencing: normal .- WES : No conclusive diagnosis identified. Multiple autosomal dominant variants of unknown significance were identified, but their clinical significance is unclear at this time.Records also show he had the following testing performed, but no records were available for review at the time of his clinic visit:.- Unremarkable metabolic labs.- several normal CK levels.- SMA evaluation : negative.- KCNA1 sequencing: normal Episodic Ataxia type 1 .- AR gene CAG repeat analysis: normal Kennedy - XL Spinal Bulbar Muscular Dystrophy9 CAG trinucleotide .- GM2 gangliosidosis enzymology : Hexosaminidase A and Total, WBC sl. Low 12.3(16.4 - 36.2 U/g protein) 7/6/11 Mayo% A normal 67%(63 - 75%) Interpretation: A mildly decreased total enzyme activity is not clinically significant when % Hex A is normal. Negative for Tay Sachs and Sandhoff. Consider serum Hex A MUGS to rule out later-onset B1 variant.- DM1 and DM2:: normal.- TAADNext: negative