!relative microecphaly!.Noted at age 3 years His head size plots within the normal range, but in comparison to the rest of his body measurements, he has relative microcephaly..Noted at age 3 years: He walked around 17 months, though his gait continues to appear unstable and he falls frequently. He runs, but somewhat unsteady, and he can now hop..{He was able to feed himself at 18 months, now uses a fork and is learning to use a knife. He does not know numbers beyond 1-2-3 and does not know his letters beyond the letter E. He speaks in phrases, but only has two word phrases that are not completely intelligible, even to his parents.  He frequetly expresses frustration about the fact that others do not understand him, and this causes him to act out aggressively towards his family, teachers and peers at school.   His parents have been trying to potty train, unsuccessfully.. .Noted at age 3 years There was a period of speech regression sometime around the age of 2 yo when his mother was pregnant with his younger sister. At that time he had several words, which he lost and took a very long time to regain..Noted at the age of 6 years.Developmental History:.-Motor:.-Gross: sat at 8 months, walked at 18 months, toe-walking, balance issues?  Getting AFOs, runs on tip-toes, poor coordination possibly weak.-Fine: no issues.- Cognitive:  .· As of 5/24/17 puts 2-3 words together, started talking at age 2 years, doesn’t seem to understand many commands, points or goes and gets what wants, understands better than he can communicate.· Special education.- Social/emotional: makes good eye contact but may not understand very well what is said to him.- Bladder: able to use toilet on own but wears diapers (doesn’t go on his own).- Bowel: able to use toilet on own but wears diapers (doesn’t go on his own).- Eating: poor eater, decreased appetite (possibly due to the medications).- Sleep: no issues..Testing:  .· Age 6 years: Xray spinal for scoliosis: 6th degree levo thoracic curvature, situs inversus.· Age 6 years: pelvic Xray for diplegia, increased lower extremity tone: bilateral symmetric coxa valga.· Age 4 years: abnormal EEG secondary to.· Two electrographic generalized seizures with paroxysmal fast activity.· During wakefulness very high amplitude multifocal epileptiform activity.· Near continuous epileptiform activity consisting of generalized spikes, sharps, polyspikes and multifocal activity and paroxysmal activity during sleep with intermittent attenuations.· Age 4 years: EEG: abnormal EEG secondary to:.· Frequent generalized and multi-focal epileptiform discharges, notably activated by sleep.· Disrupted background organization and excess slowing of a moderate degree.· Poor sleep organization.· Two electrographic (no overt clinical) seizures revealing paroxysmal fast activity seemingly triggered by photic stimulation at 10 and 16 Hz.· Age 4 years: video EEG: abnormal EEG secondary to.· Very frequent clinical and electrographic generalized seizures with paroxysmal fast activity and clinical behavioral arrest.· During wakefulness very high amplitude very frequent multifocal epileptiform activity.· Paucity of sleep organization.· Near continuous epileptiform activity consisting of generalized spikes, sharps, polyspikes and multifocal activity and paroxysmal fast activity during sleep with intermittent attenuations.· This EEG is consistent with an epileptic encephalopathy.· Age 3 years:Epilepsy panel.· KCNQ2: heterozygous VUS: c.2560C>T, p.Arg854Cys, autosomal dominant.· NOTCH3: heterozygous VUS: c.509A>G, p.His170Arg, autosomal dominant.· MLC1: heterozygous VUS: c.544G>A, p.Ala182Thr, autosomal recessive.· PMM2: heterozygous VUS: c.8C>G, p.Ala3Gly, autosomal recessive.· PDSS2: heterozygous VUS: c908A?G, p.Glu303Gly, autosomal recessive.· 3 years: EEG: abnormal EEG secondary to sleep activated, focal epileptiform discharges from the R>>L temporal regions and intermittent focal slowing from the R posterior temporal region. There are no seizures.  Clinical correlation: focal epileptiform activity suggests an increased risk for partial onset seizures. Focal slowing may suggest an underlying region.   .· 2 years: brain MRI without contrast: no focal intracranial abnormality identified.· 2 years: EEG: abnormal EEG secondary to frequent, sleep and drowsy activated, paroxysmal runs of low voltage fast activity followed by voltage attenuation, sometimes accompanied by a rapid truncal body jerk and vocalization.  Clinical correlation: captured fast activity is considered an epileptiform equivalent and given the clinical accompaniment of body jerks, consideration to myoclonic or tonic/atonic seizures is recommended.  The overall pattern is compatible with a primary generalized epilepsy syndrome..· 2 years: CGH microarray: normal.· 2 years: EEG: abnormal secondary to:.· Diffusely increased theta and delta range activity.· Poorly defined posterior dominant rhythm.· Focal slowing over the right > left hemisphere.· Frequent high amplitude multifocal epileptiform activity.· Four generalized clinical seizures which electrographically had the appearance of  a tonic or atonic seizure.· Clinical correlation: diffuse generalized slow activity reflects a diffuse but etiologically nonspecific disturbance of cerebral activity.  It is most commonly seen with various metabolic and toxic encephalopathies and varies with the severity of the encephalopathy.  Localized arrhythmic delta and theta activity is associated with locally disordered cerebral functioning.  This EEG suggests a tendency toward both and partial and generalized seizures........At age 4 years: Pt with h/o developmental delay and dysmorphic features with ongoing evaluations by Neurology and Genetics. Had MRI at age 3, almost 4 years} and changes in the basal ganglia identified, these were suggestive of acute stroke, and he was admitted and given empiric management for possible missed (on newborn screen) organic acidemia and intercurrent illness actue stroke; organic acids obtained in that hospitalization indicated that he did not have either PA or GA1 and his neuro exam was stable - no new focal deficits, dystonia, new onset movement disorder.  He was discharged on low dose biotin and high dose thiamine for possible SLC19A3 deficiency, with a plan to obtain MRI with MRA for possible Moya-Moya. This planned study was cancelled after further review indicated that this was unlikely. He was seen in follow-up and he will be seen again in three months. Genetic testing was sent to look for a mutation in SLC19A3 which returned negative for any mutations.  . .He remains on biotin and B1, parents are paying for this, it costs about 60 dollars per month.  He has improved in speech and motor skills per parents.  . .An array was abnormal with XYY karyotype, this does not explain his BG changes...Mr Brain Without Contrast.Result Date: age 3 years.1.  Findings suggestive of basal ganglia injury of different ages and specifically the bilateral putamina and the right caudate head. This distribution is suggestive of an underlying metabolic abnormality. //Impression 1 discussed with Dr. Greene (Pediatric Neurology) on 4/26/2018 12:08 PM.//  Report dictated by: Emily Amos Edwards, MD, signed by: Christine M Glastonbury, MBBS Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging