Noted at age 11 years: .Partial idiopathic epilepsy.- seizures; Onfi; under control.- EEGS abnormal in past.- MRIs have shown mild hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, .Noted since 7 months, when he appeared !floppy! to mother..Noted at age 11 years.- understands mother.- makes sounds, but has no words.- follows instructions.- not yet walking.- has services in the school system.- Angelman syndrome was considered as a diagnosis but methylation studies were negative.- WES was performed two years ago.- otherwise well apart from seizures.Mild hypoplasia of the corpus callosum.. is normal.Spleen: .- Length: 3.1 cm..- Parenchyma: Normal. .Right kidney:.- Length: 3.9 cm..- Parenchyma: Normal.- Collecting system: Normal. .Left kidney:.- Length: 4.3 cm..- Parenchyma: Normal.- Collecting system: Minimal central caliectasis.. .Urinary bladder: Visualized portion is normal.Aorta: Visualized portion is normal.IVC: Visualized portion is normal.Bowel: Normal.Peritoneal cavity: Small amount of free fluid.Lung bases: Small right pleural effusion.IMPRESSION: .Minimal left central caliectasis/hydronephrosis with otherwise normal left kidney. Normal right kidney, no hydronephrosis..Small amounts of free fluid with bilateral patent process vaginalis with hydroceles and small right-sided small bowel containing inguinal hernia..Small right pleural effusion.!. .Cardiac echo 4 months.!Summary: . 1. Moderate patent ductus arteriosus.. 2. Systemic right ventricular pressure.. 3. Mild RV hypertrophy.. 4. Mild dilation RV.. 5. Normal RV systolic qualitative shortening.. 6. Normal left ventricular systolic function.. 7. PFO.!..Head ultrasound 4 months:.!IMPRESSION: .Mild to moderate-sized anechoic left subdural effusion along the left convexity!..Bone survey at 9 months .IMPRESSION: .Severe osteopenia with multiple healing fractures...Noted at 10 months, unajusted At the time of prior consults, this patient did not appear to have rickets. However, on re-examination, the clinical phenotype does appear consistent with this: frontal bossing, severe osteopenia, and frayed metaphyses. A discussion with endocrine regarding their opinion on the rickets diagnosis would be helpful.!Chromosome analysis, DNA array, CDG, lactate, fatty acid, mitochondrial point mutation analysis, urine organic acids, plasma, amino acids, carnitine profile, hormonal profile including FSH, LH and thyroid function, very long chain fatty acid, FISH or Prader-Willi and Angelman, fragile x, skeletal survey. The patient has had 3 head MRIs, and the most recent one was at 2.5 years. Both of these scans showed mild hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, but no other brain abnormalities.!..EEG at approximately age 5 years: IMPRESSION: Abormal EEG during wakefulness and light sleep due to left posterior slowing and abundant epileptiform discharges at P3.. .EEG at approximately age 5.5 years: IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG during wakefulness and sleep due to abundant discharges at P3. This EEG recording is unchanged from prior...Brain MRI (at 10 mo) -.1. Calvarium demonstrates a brachiocephalic configuration with parietal occipital plagiocephaly..2. Myelination is appropriate for patient age without evidence of underlying structural or parenchymal lesions..3. Infundibulum appears normal without definitive evidence for suprasellar pathology. However, careful correlation with endocrine function warranted as numerous presumed artifacts are noted within the suprasellar cistern. 