Noted at 11 years: In 7th grade, has an IEP, Cannot write his name, does not know colors, has ST but not PT..Noted at 9 years: Cognitively he functions like 3 yo. He speaks about 20 words. He had delayed motor milestones, sat at 9 months, walked at 16-18 months. He required PT/OT/ST..Noted at 9 years: diagnosed with tonic clonic seizures at age 4 months.He was on phenobarbital until age 2 years. His seizures are resolved per mother. Brain MRI and EEG around age 3 years were normal per mother..Noted at age 9 years: At approximately 5 years he had rhabdomyolysis  and a hospitalization for 2.5 months. His admission was preceded by symptoms of an upper GI infection with fever and vomiting. He had muscle weakness during that time and he was in wheelchair for about 3 months. It's unknown if he had hypoglycemia during that time. He had a low carnitine at that time and he's been on carnitine supplements since then (62 mg/kg). .At age 12 years Had cellulitis, had facial swelling, hosp for three days, had high blood sugar levels..Noted at 9 years: mainly tantrums, self-mutilation behavior (biting nails, knuckles, hitting head..) when frustrated. He has disturbed sleep as well. He would wake up in the middle of the night frequently and has trouble going back to sleep..Differential diagnosis includes a long list of conditions that cause neurodevelopmental delays like chromosomal anomalies, fragile X, inborn error of metabolism like mitochondrial disorder, a fatty acid oxidation disorder (FAOD) like Very long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (VLCAD) deficiency given the family history of the sister and the personal history of prolonged hospitalization with unexplained rhabdomyolysis. However, the severe developmental delay in patient cannot be explained fully by a fatty acid oxidation disorder alone. A FAOD like VLCADD (the hepatic form http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK6816/ ) can cause metabolic decompensation like hypoglycemia, elevated CK and LFT during acute illnesses or infections. The global delays, behavior disorder with self-mutilation, microcephaly, sleep disorder, cannot be simply explained by a FAOD. It's possible that patient may have two separate conditions co-occuring ( for example a perinatal brain anoxic injury PLUS a FAOD/mitochondriopathy or a chromosomal anomaly PLUS a FAOD/mitochondriopathy..etc...). 