Episode after gallbladder surgery. She was treated briefly with oral benzoate and protein restriction for a presumed urea cycle defect, but these have been discontinued as no other evidence of a urea cycle defect could be found on metabolic or genetic testing.- Hemoglobin SS disease - sickle cell disease.\r\n- Exchange transfusion dependent(monthly, started at age 7 years). On hydroxyurea. History of dactylitis. Multiple pain crises. Facial infarct at age 7 years.  Acute chest x1. .Noted at 10 years of age. Patient has sickle cell disease and a recent episode of altered mental status and hyperammonemia.\r\n \r\nPatient at age 10 years was having many bouts of vomiting over the past 6 months that were bilious and ascribed to gallbladder disease. At age 10 years she had a cholecystectomy. She was doing well at home and recovering after surgery with her only concern pain around the surgical incisions. She was slowly getting back to her normal diet and had not been able to eat fatty foods before due to her gallbladder. Approx 2.5 weeks later she began having emesis again (non-bilious) and was readmitted and was treated for a typical sickle cell pain crisis, including an exchange transfusion a few days later, when she was due for an exchange anyway. \r\n \r\nThat next day she began to act strangely with her eyes rolling back in her head and making unusual crying noises. An ammonia level was drawn and found to be elevated (peak value 308umol/L). CT and MRI scans did not show evidence of a stroke. She was treated with lactulose and neomycin and then with benzoate and phenylbutyrate and her ammonia level normalized by the next day and has since remained normal. See \data\ below for labs drawn during the episode. At the peak of the ammonia her orotic acid was 5 in her urine (normal <5) and her citrulline was 15 (9-52). A subsequent citrulline was low (4) and then normalized. \r\n \r\nPatient and her mother deny past events that resembled her altered mental status while hyperammonemic. Patient has never avoided protein-rich foods. She has some mild learning concerns and a 504/IEP, but these are felt to be due to her frequent complications and hospitalizations from sickle cell. Concern about attention deficit.\r\n\r\nHyperammonemia of the degree noted in Patient is never normal and suggests some underlying pathology. Urea cycle defects, which reduce the body's ability to eliminate ammonia from dietary and endogenous protein, are a major cause of hyperammonemia and can present at any age, though presentation in infants or younger children is certainly more common. We note that patient was possibly under considerable metabolic stress in that she had several months of vomiting and reduced dietary intake, underwent a surgery followed by further reduced food intake, and then vomited, was admitted, and received a exchange transfusion that probably carries with it a significant protein load. Thus, this may have set up a patient with a milder defect in her urea cycle for a hyperammonemic crisis. \r\n \r\nThat said, in the absence of past episodes of hyperammonemia with other procedures and transfusions, a definitive pattern consistent with a urea cycle defect is lacking. Her labs are also not clearly diagnostic of a urea cycle defect. The orotic acid was barely elevated, where a larger elevation would be more typical of OTC, the most common urea cycle defect. The citrulline was also not low as can be seen in proximal urea cycle defects, though a higher citrulline may be seen in late-onset defects . None of these lab findings are universal, though. Thus, at this time, we remain concerned about a urea cycle defect and are committed to preventing another for patient, as hyperammonemia is neurotoxic and is critical to avoid.\r\n \r\nA panel of OTC, NAGS, and CPS1 are pending. These are the most likely genes to be involved if this is a urea cycle defect. While this test is pending we will continue patient on her ammonia scavenger (sodium benzoate), arginine, and attention to the protein in her diet. If a pathogenic variant is identified we will tailor her therapy accordingly. If an uncertain variant is identified, we may consider additional metabolic studies, or a liver biopsy to test enzyme activity, though the latter would not be undertaken lightly. If no variants are detected then we will consider additional diagnostic maneuvers to determine if patient has an inborn error of metabolism and how best to identify it or otherwise obtain reassurance that she will not again become hyperammonemic. \r\n\r\nPatient evaluated at age 11 years:\r\nMost recent amino acids\r\n- CIT 11, GLU 559, ORN 50, ARG 57  Reviewed, all normal\r\n- Genetic panel, OTC, CPS1, NAGS negative\r\n- Multiple normal ammonia levels were observed in the past year, including during her port placement.\r\nPatient at age 11 years has remained stable on minimal therapy for the past year. It is not clear what, if any, biochemical condition she has to explain her hyperammonemia last year, though it appears that whatever she has is not brittle and may only present symptomatically during extreme stress (surgery, starvation, severe illness). We are comfortable relaxing her therapy, but would like her to continue to carry her ER letter. She should not be permitted to fast beyond typical durations for someone her age (e.g. overnight) and during severe illnesses or surgery should be considered for admission with provision of IV dextrose (D10) until she is able to eat normally again. 