Seizures began at 18 months. \r\nReport from when patient was 10 years old: Patient’s parents reported that patient's seizures have decreased in frequency and severity since the last time we saw her. She now only has 2-3 mild seizures per month. Her seizures are managed with Onfi, Depakote, risperidone and mirtazapine and she has not needed diazepam for acute seizure control in over a year. The patient’s parents report that patient now takes melatonin and consistently sleeps 8 hours; they believe this has had a significant impact on seizure control. .Patient (10 years) continues to have significant delays. She only has one word, “Allah”, and has very limited cognitive abilities. She cries when she is hungry and walks her parents towards the door if she wants to go outside; otherwise she does not follow commands and has limited understanding. \r\n\r\nThe patient’s parents report she has a strong grip but has limited fine motor skills: she is unable to hold a pen or a pencil independently and lack control. She can only walk on even surfaces and for no more than 1-2 blocks. Patient’s parents report that her behavior has improved and she is less hyperactive but she is hard to distract when something interest her. She has swallowing and chewing difficulties and is fed PO with pureed food. She wears diapers throughout the day but is trained to use the toilet in the morning. \r\nPatient attends a special care class daily. She is in a class with about 7 other children with different degree of disability and receives ST every two weeks, PT once per week but no longer qualifies for OT or a one-to-one aid. .Valproic acid level, LFTs and CBC look good. Patient's total cholesterol is good, but her HDL (the good cholesterol) is low and her triglyceride is high. This may be related to risperidone, but also quite possibly is genetic. Unfortunately no baseline level before risperidone..Can ambulate independently but clumsy. .Valproic acid level, LFTs and CBC look good. Patient's total cholesterol is good, but her HDL (the good cholesterol) is low and her triglyceride is high. This may be related to risperidone, but also quite possibly is genetic. Unfortunately no baseline level before risperidone.\r\n .